https://blog.turbosquid.com/turbosquid-3d-model-license

Permitted Uses in Creations of Computer Games and Software. Subject to the following restrictions,
you may incorporate 3D Models in Creations of Computer Games, virtual worlds, simulation and training environments;
mobile, desktop and web applications; and interactive electronic publications of literature such as e-books and electronic textbooks.

Restrictions on Permitted Uses of 3D Models in Creations of Games and Software.

a. Interactivity. Your inclusion of 3D Models within any such Creation is limited to uses where 3D Model
is contained in an interactive experience for the user and not made available outside of the interactive experience.
Such a permitted example of this use would be to include a 3D Model of human anatomy in a medical training application
in a way that the 3D Model or its environment may be manipulated or interacted with.

b. Access to 3D Models. You must take all reasonable and industry standard measures to incorporate 3D Models
within Creations to prevent other parties from gaining access to 3D Models. 3D Models must be contained in proprietary
formats so that they cannot be opened or imported in a publicly available software application or framework,
or extracted without reverse engineering. WebGL exports from Unity, Unreal, and Lumberyard are permitted. 
Any other open format or format encrypted with decryptable open standards
(such as an encrypted compression archive or other WebGL programs not listed here) are prohibited from using 3D Models.
If your Creation uses WebGL and you are not sure if it qualifies, please contact us and describe your
Creation in detail if this is your desired use.

c. Open Systems. You typically may NOT include 3D Models in Creations that have the general functionality
for importing and/or exporting 3D Models. Please contact us and describe your Creation in detail if this is your desired use.
An example of such a prohibited use is to include 3D Models as a starter library within a standard retail Software Creation
that allows users to generally work with 3D Models, even if the 3D Model itself is somehow protected and is not capable of being exported.
An allowed use is for custom or enterprise software in certain circumstances.

d. Virtual Good Sales. You may NOT import, upload, reproduce, make available, publish, transmit, distribute,
or sublicense 3D Models in Creations of virtual goods or worlds for any 3D community (“Virtual World”),
unless you or your Client owns the Virtual World platform and it complies with the previous restrictions.